chore: switch from `preferred-pm` to `package-manager-detector` (#1446)
changesets/changesets: .changeset/slow-avocados-promise.md

---
"@changesets/cli": patch
---

> chore: switch from `preferred-pm` to `package-manager-detector`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switched from `preferred-pm` to `package-manager-detector` in order to reduce installation size
```
